# Exercise2
COMP – 4478 GAME PROGRAMMING 
This was a fun and interesting exercise in which I made a fully functional game called the catching game. In this game you are supposed to catch the fish falling from the sky with the bombs. But if you were to catch a bomb the game is over and there will be a message displayed on your screen saying game over. The message will be displayed for 5 seconds as that’s what I have set it to. Then a new scene will be loaded which will take you to another screen. The new screen will have a button which says Back To Main Menu, once you click on that then the game will take you to a new scene again which will load another screen which will have two buttons saying Start and Quit. If you click on the start button it will restart the game again but if you were to click on the quit button it will end the game. 
In order to win the game, you will need a score of 15 which means you will have to catch 15 fishes in total but there’s a catch if you were to drop 3 fishes before reaching a score of 15 then you lose the game and the same processes as explained above takes place. But if you reach the score of 15 then a message will be displayed saying You Win. Then the screen waits for 5 seconds before taking you to the final scene and so on.  
There is a total of 3 scripts which are Base_Script.cs which controls the score of the game and also keeps count of the fishes dropped and stops spanning the fishes and the bombs once 3 fishes have been dropped. The other script is GameManager.cs which controls the spawning of the fishes and the bombs and it drops them in an area of -6f to 6f and the fishes are dropped every 2 seconds and the bombs every 6 second. This script also keeps track of the score and displays that up on the screen live. The final script is net_movement.cs which basically controls the net movement and it’s speed the range of the net movement has been set to -6f to 6f and the movement speed of the net is 5f and the net is moved by using the A and D keys on your keyboard. I am attaching the fully functional build game with the unity project which will be inside Fish_Bomb.exe called Learning_Unity. There are also the screenshots of the game attached as well for a visual look. 
